## Homework assignment 2

### Topic: Run and report the t-test results on the example data using JAMOVI


- Tasks: Run and report the t-test results on the example data using JAMOVI. Details are below.
- Deadline: 11/5 (Fri) 12AM (midnight, 금요일밤 자정)
- Submit: Send a PDF file through Slack (direct message, to **TA김정우**)

### Main task

**Context**

- Let's assume that you want to compare neurobiological repsonses to pain. I've added the central (CNS) and autonomic nervous system (ANS) response to different levels of pain to the data files, `/data/study1/demographics_nps.csv` and `/data/study2/demographics_scr.csv`, and the goal of this homework assignment is to analyze these CNS and ANS responses to pain using t-tests. 

   - For the CNS response, we will use the NPS. Only Study 1 has the NPS response data. Here, the NPS stands for "Neurologic Pain Signature", a multivariate pattern-based brain marker for pain that my PhD advisor and I developed together a few years ago ([Wager et al., 2013, NEJM](https://cocoanlab.github.io/pdfs/Wager_2013_NEJM.pdf)). The Study 1 data included the NPS response to different levels of heat painful stimulation. For more details of the NPS data in Study 1, see the original paper ([Woo et al., 2015, Plos Biol](https://cocoanlab.github.io/pdfs/Woo_2015_Plos_Biol.pdf))

   - For the ANS response, we will use the skin conductance response (SCR) marker that I developed in Study 2 ([Matthewson et al., 2019](https://cocoanlab.github.io/pdfs/Matthewson_etal_2019.pdf)). The SCR marker was the multivariate temporal pattern marker  for pain. Only Study 2 data have the SCR marker response to different levels of heat painful stimulation. 


**Tasks**

- There are 2 (required) + 1 (optional) tasks I want you do: 
  - 1) Compare the NPS and SCR responses between adjacent levels of temperature using t-test. e.g., whether the NPS and SCR responses are different between heat level 1 vs. heat level 2, heat level 2 vs. level 3, etc. 
  - 2) Compare the NPS and SCR responses between male and female. 
  - 3) Optional (additional points): include other creative analysis results using t-test

  - There is no one answer how to analyze and report the results. 


**Free format, but there are things you need include**

- Include the background of the analysis (e.g., what is the motivation of the analyses?)
- Include tables or plots
- Include conclusions and interpretations for the analysis results