## Homework assignment 3

### Topic: Run and report the repeated measures ANOVA results on the example data using JAMOVI


- Tasks: Run the repeated measures ANOVA and report the results on the example data using JAMOVI. Details are below.
- Deadline: 11/19 (Fri) 12AM (midnight, 금요일밤 자정)
- Submit: Send a PDF file through Slack (direct message, to **TA김정우**)


### Main task

**Context**

- In these two studies, we included two types of manipulations--one was the heat intensity (temperature level) and the other was the cognitive regulation. I've added the rating and the the central (CNS) and autonomic nervous system (ANS) response data for different levels of heat intensity and cognitive regulation to the new data files, `/data/study1/demographics_anova.csv` and `/data/study2/demographics_anova.csv`, and the goal of this homework assignment is to analyze these CNS and ANS responses to heat intensity and cognitive regulation using repeated measures ANOVA. 

   - **IV: Cognitive regulation**: For the cognitive regulation of Study 1 and 2, you have three levels--"down", "passive", and "up". For "down" and "up", the participants were asked to decrease or increase their pain using cognitive self-regulation, respectively. For "passive", the participants were asked to experience pain passively. 

   - **IV: Heat intensity**: For heat intensity of Study 1, I divided the original six levels of heat intensity into 3 levels to make the problem a little simpler--Low, Med, and High. Thus, for Study 1, you have three levels of heat intensity. For Study 2, I used the original 6 levels of heat intensity. Thus you have six levels of heat intensity for Study 2. 

   - **DV: Rating**: Study 1 has only one type of rating scale, pain intensity, while Study 2 has two different types of ratings, pain intensity and pain unpleasantness. Pain intensity is about how strong (or intense) the stimulus is, and pain unpleasantness is about how unpleasant the stimulus is. There could be strong, but pleasant stimuli, but pain is usually unpleasant as the stimulus gets stronger. But with cognitive regulation, the regulation effects on pain intensity vs. unpleasantness could be different. 

   - **DV: CNS**: For the CNS response (same with the previous homework), we will use the NPS. Only Study 1 has the NPS response data. Here, the NPS stands for "Neurologic Pain Signature", a multivariate pattern-based brain marker for pain that my PhD advisor and I developed together a few years ago ([Wager et al., 2013, NEJM](https://cocoanlab.github.io/pdfs/Wager_2013_NEJM.pdf)). The Study 1 data included the NPS response to different levels of heat painful stimulation. For more details of the NPS data in Study 1, see the original paper ([Woo et al., 2015, Plos Biol](https://cocoanlab.github.io/pdfs/Woo_2015_Plos_Biol.pdf))

   - **DV: ANS**: For the ANS response, we will use the skin conductance response (SCR) marker that I developed in Study 2 ([Matthewson et al., 2019](https://cocoanlab.github.io/pdfs/Matthewson_etal_2019.pdf)). The SCR marker was the multivariate temporal pattern marker  for pain. Only Study 2 data have the SCR marker response to different levels of heat painful stimulation. 


**Tasks**

- There is only one task that I want you do: 
  - Run repeated measures ANOVA to examine the main effects of heat intensity and cognitive regulation on all the **dependent variables (DVs)**  (ratings, CNS, ANS measures), and the interaction effects of those two **independent variables (IVs)** (heat intensity and cognitive regulation) in Study 1 and 2. 
  - You should include results of: 1) partial eta-squared 2) interaction plots, and 3) post-hoc tests (Tukey)


**Free format, but there are things you need include**

- Include the background of the analysis (e.g., what is the motivation of the analyses?)
- Include tables or plots
- Include conclusions and interpretations for the analysis results