## Homework assignment 4 (Term Paper)

### Topic: Run the multiple regression and make a comprehensive report on the datasets

- Tasks: Run the multiple regression within JAMOVI. Also use some of the techniques that used in HW1 to HW3 (i.e., descriptive, t-test, ANOVA). Details are below.
- Deadline: 12/10 (Fri) 11:59PM (midnight, 금요일밤 자정)
- Submit: Send a PDF file through Slack (direct message, to **TA김정우**)


### Main task

**Context**

- Let's say you need to write a research paper using these two datasets (i.e., Study 1 and Study 2 datasets), and what would you do? What are the hypotheses that you want to test? What are the research questions that you want to address? In this final project, I'd like you to do whatever you want to do with the datasets, but there are some required tasks. 

**Tasks**

- Must include multiple regression 
- Include some results using descriptive statistics, t-test, and ANOVA as well. I don't mean you need to include results from all the methods, but use some of them to test your hypotheses or make your points.

**Free format, but there are things you need include**

- Include a summary of the report (this is similar to the "Abstract (초록)" section of a research article)
- Include the background of the analysis (e.g., what is the motivation of the analyses?) (this is similar to the "Introduction (서론)" section of a research article)
- Include tables or plots (this is similar to the "Results (결과)" section of a research article)
- Include conclusions and interpretations for the analysis results (this is similar to the "Discussion (결론)" section of a research article)